weaponsection "DehackedDefense"

addslotdefault 1 DEHFist
addslotdefault 1 StrainDoubleFist
addslotdefault 1 StruggleHammer
addslotdefault 1 ReliquaryFist
addslotdefault 1 RowdyRudyFists
addslotdefault 1 RayMohawkKnife

addslotdefault 1 DEHChainsaw
addslotdefault 1 NegativeOneGauntlets
addslotdefault 1 StruggleDrillMachine
addslotdefault 1 ReliquaryChainsaw
addslotdefault 1 RowdyRudyChainsaw
addslotdefault 1 RayMohawkGauntlets
addslotdefault 1 DV2Gauntlets

addslotdefault 2 DEHPistol
addslotdefault 2 NegativeOnePistol
addslotdefault 2 DualPistols
addslotdefault 2 ValiantPistol
addslotdefault 2 StrugglePistol
addslotdefault 2 ReliquaryMachinegun
addslotdefault 2 RowdyRudyRifle
addslotdefault 2 RayMohawkPistol

addslotdefault 3 DEHShotgun
addslotdefault 3 NegativeOneShotgun
addslotdefault 3 StrainSawedOff
addslotdefault 3 StruggleShotgun
addslotdefault 3 ReliquaryShotgun
addslotdefault 3 RowdyRudyShotgun
addslotdefault 3 RayMohawkShotgun

addslotdefault 3 DEHSuperShotgun
addslotdefault 3 NegativeOneSuperShotgun
addslotdefault 3 ReliquarySuperShotgun
addslotdefault 3 RowdyRudySuperShotgun
addslotdefault 3 RayMohawkAutoShotgun

addslotdefault 4 DEHChaingun
addslotdefault 4 NegativeOneUzi
addslotdefault 4 StruggleDualPistols
addslotdefault 4 ReliquaryChaingun
addslotdefault 4 RowdyRudyChaingun
addslotdefault 4 RayMohawkBlaster
addslotdefault 4 ValiantChaingun

addslotdefault 5 DEHRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 5 NegativeOneRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 5 MaskimXulHandOfAfrit
addslotdefault 5 StruggleGrenadeLauncher
addslotdefault 5 ReliquaryRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 5 RowdyRudyRocketLauncher
addslotdefault 5 RayMohawkFlamethrower

addslotdefault 6 DEHPlasmaRifle
addslotdefault 6 NegativeOneDarkSceptre
addslotdefault 6 StrainNFG
addslotdefault 6 MaskimXulJackBombs
addslotdefault 6 StruggleAssaultRifle
addslotdefault 6 ReliquaryPlasmaRifle
addslotdefault 6 RayMohawkCellCannon

addslotdefault 7 DEHBFG9000
addslotdefault 7 NegativeOneUnmakyr
addslotdefault 7 StrainPsychicBlaster
addslotdefault 7 MaskimXulGrimoireExcidium
addslotdefault 7 StruggleLeichenfaust
addslotdefault 7 ReliquaryBFG9000
addslotdefault 7 RowdyRudyBFG9000
addslotdefault 7 RayMohawkBFG9002

clearplayerclasses
addplayerclass JohnDoom
addplayerclass JohnStrain
addplayerclass JohnDeusVultII
addplayerclass JohnValiant
addplayerclass JohnMaskimXul
addplayerclass JohnStruggle
addplayerclass JohnReliquary
addplayerclass JohnNegativeOne
addplayerclass RowdyRudy
addplayerclass RayMohawk